Stained Trees {
    Make the trees spawn as a gradient.
    Make each colour drop fibrous dye which can be smelted for xp and a dye
    Make it spawn super rarely in a plains biome.
}

Crystals {
    change textures to be original
    charged crystals with 15 states rather than 15 different blocks; make them spawn in a gradient.
    no geodes, instead make a full 'journey to the center of the earth' styled crystal cave. (Really hard)
    crystals will break when interacted on by an entity and drop shards. Combine 4 to make it back into a crystal
    crystals will need to be reinforced by touching it with liquid space-time. Powering it by redstone will unfreeze it
    when black crystals do spawn, only 1 will at any place in a crystal cave. Combine 3 for an infinirod
}

Clouds {
    make cloud recipes like aether icestone freezing. Handle it in BasicCloud
    GENERAL:
    Remove all except white clouds spawn in the air (and change the spawning pattern to be unique)
    Fix rendering of clouds to render like trees (including all cloud-based blocks such as wood, grass).

    BIOME:
    Make an extremely rare biome for cloud trees with a new, weak type of log. Add floating islands on it as well.
    For these floating islands, make it "held up" by strings of cloud.
    Add some tiny floating clouds above the cloud biome.
    Add a cloudy, semi-transparent grass and piles of cloud foliage.

    CLOUD_ADJUSTMENTS:
    Make an item (similar to wax) that is crafted using a block of regular cloud surrounded by amethyst shards to disable cloud features (if it's just for decor).
    Make compact variants for clouds with the above item surrounded by designated cloud.
    Make stair and slab variants of these clouds so one can actually build a cloud house.
    Make storm cloud "whirl you up into the sky"
    Make teal cloud named ender cloud and able to very rarely randomly spawn you somewhere within 10 blocks.
    Make redstone cloud activate when player is inside.
    Make blazing cloud set you on fire.
    Make irradiated cloud able to very rarely randomly insta-kill you.
    Make pink cloud randomly and infrequently give 1-5 seconds of level 1 regeneration.
}

gravitium {
    is made by pressing 25 clouds together with a piston
    ingot is attracted to entities, like xp
    block attracts entities to it
    liquid will attract entities so hard in the middle you get crushed alive ("player was transformed into a singularity")
}

Rainbow {
    combining all dyes makes a rainbow that can be placed
    rainbows can be absorbed by gravitium. When done 69 times, it makes a warped singularity
    when powered by redstone, it will attract entities, just like gravitium
    if a warped singularity is touched by a player, it will kill and delete all
    a warped singularity can only be picked up by right-clicking it with an infinirod
    the singularity item can be right-clicked on entities to save their data to only attract that type
}

soulite {
    50/50 chance of healing or damaging the player on use/interaction
    made by burning a rainbow in soul fire (10% success rate)
}

crystalised temporaz {
    a matter representation of time
    made with enderium, sculk, and unstable ingots
    ingot can be right clicked on tile entities to tick it 200 times
    block and fluid speeds up ticking of entities and blocks that touch it then destroys itself
}

stabilised quaterum {
    made of alloys from all mods (even draconium)
    staged after
    used by the very high-end machines
    tooltip -> has the power to synthesise matter out of any energy
        liquid name = Liquefied Space-time
        must be made first as a fluid from dark matter and spatialised time
        liquid form is super unstable and can either explode or implode (sucks in blocks then disappearing)
        mixing with destabilised redstone will cause a larger explosion/implosion
        will only solidify into quateric aerogel when physically mixed with fluidised energy (made from ambrosium, and lumium)
    quateric aerogel is completely safe and behaves like a normal block
    quateric aerogel only has a base 5% chance of dropping stabilised quaterum
    a block of stabilised quaterum is directional and will break any block (even bedrock) instantly when powered by redstone
}

